[laughing]
My darkness will
swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I’m gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors
of the New World, the Straw Hats
form an alliance with Law.
Their current objective is to
destroy a man-made Devil Fruit
Factory in the
kingdom of Dressrosa.
Soon, Luffy becomes
sidetracked by a tournament
with the Flame-Flame
Fruit as a prize.
Meanwhile, Sanji raids an
unknown villain's hideout
at the request of Violet, with
whom he has fallen in love.
But then...
[VIOLET] If I could ask
just one more favor.
Uh...
[VIOLET]
Here is my final request.
You must give your life to me.
Every last drop of it,
"Black Leg".
Whoa. Let's back up here.
I mean, what're you saying?
[VIOLET chuckles]
You really are a fool.
[NARRATOR] On a nearby bridge,
Law proceeds to Greenbit
with Robin and Usopp in
order to hand over Caesar.
[FIGHTING FISH D growls]
What stopped it?
[FEMALE OLD DWARF A]
Looks like we bagged one!
[FEMALE DWARF A]
Then hurry and reel it in!
[USOPP] You don't actually
expect us to go in there?
So. This must be... Green Bit!
Gotta say, the landscaping
leaves a lot to be desired.
Hey! Joker, I'm here!
Come and get me!
[LAW]
Save your breath.
You see that beach on the
southeast side of the island?
We're gonna leave you there at
three o'clock this afternoon.
[LAW]
He'll be here shortly.
[USOPP yelps]
Do you guys see what I see?
There! Looks like
a Navy battle ship!
[USOPP]
And it's not just beached,
it's actually stuck in
the island somehow.
How is that even possible?
[ROBIN] The cuts on
those plants look fresh.
[USOPP]
Hm?
It appears that the
ship has only arrived
on the island recently.
Its body doesn't
look all that damaged.
[USOPP] So they would've
had to survive those
Fighting Fish-infested waters!
I'm sure the Marines who
were on it aren't far away.
We should be careful.
What? Do they know
what we're doing here?
This changes everything!
Dammit, Caesar, I knew I
should have gagged you!
Quiet down! Shh! Shh!
Quiet!
I'm a wanted man, remember?
And now that my boss
Joker's officially resigned
from the Seven Warlords, there's
no authority that'll protect me!
If you leave me
here in handcuffs,
then those Marines are sure
to find me. And then--!
[USOPP grunts]
Shh! I said, be quiet!
[CAESAR CLOWN]
If Joker gave up his status,
that put him back on
their wanted list, right?
Oh, what's the difference?
I'm history either way!
It's over for me!
We're all wanted!
And if you're scared
of them catching you,
then you'd be better off
keeping your fat mouth shut!
[ROBIN]
Why is the Navy here?
I think you're hiding something.
Of course not.
What would I do?
I don't control the Navy.
By the way, after we leave here,
I'm thinking about
heading over to Green Bit.
Who knows? The Straw
Hats may be useful,
or maybe I'm the one
who's useful to them.
[LAW]
Hm?
We can not do the
transaction here! Rethink this!
Well, they're my enemy too.
Look I'm with these guys.
Come on, what do
I stand to gain
from the Straw Hats
getting captured?
If we're all on the same side,
why don't you take
off my handcuffs?
[LAW]
We have 15 minutes.
[CAESAR CLOWN, USOPP gasp]
Here's the plan.
You two go hide somewhere,
and be prepared to snipe.
Stay on guard, though,
they may be in the
forest as we speak.
If you find anything, let me
know as soon as you can.
Sounds simple enough.
Now hold on, Law!
I didn't sign up for a
military operation here!
[ROBIN grunts]
[USOPP]
R-Robin!
[ROBIN gasps]
[USOPP chuckles nervously]
It's dangerous! Wait! A-Ah.
Don't get too far ahead of me!
[ROBIN chuckles]
Wow, Usopp,
you're really making
me feel safe. So brave!
[USOPP]
Oh, real helpful!
Whoa!
[USOPP grunts]
I said, don't leave me!
What's the hurry, anyway?
Eh? Ah...
[USOPP grunts]
If you're gonna stop, say so!
[MARINE A] Show yourselves!
Are you the Straw Hats?
[USOPP yelps]
They're here!
[ROBIN]
Shh!
[MARINE A grunts]
Damn it! Where'd they go?
It's over! Come quietly!
We know you're on the island,
so just surrender now!
Right! Come out!
We've got you, Straw Hats!
[rustling]
[MARINES gasp]
[LEO]
That's not my name! I'm Leo!
[MARINE A]
Where's that voice coming from?
There they are...
But who are they talking to?
[ROBIN] Somehow they anticipated
we'd be on this island.
[LEO] Tell the truth, are you
good guys or bad guys?
[MARINES gasp]
[MARINE A]
We're Marines!
We keep the public safe,
so we're definitely good guys!
[LEO]
Then, hand over your weapons!
[MARINES gasp]
Uh?! We can't
give you these!
We have a job to do here!
[MARINE B]
Tell us who you are!
Show yourself!
[MARINE D gasps]
[LEO]
That's all I needed to hear.
Where'd he go?
[MARINES gasp]
[MARINE D]
Hey! Your cape's gone!
[MARINE C gasps]
[MARINES gasp]
My gun's gone too!
Huh...?! What the--?
[MARINE C gasps]
My hat!
[MARINES gasping]
[USOPP, ROBIN gasp]
What happened? I can't see!
I'd rather not see this.
[MARINES yell]
[MARINE A]
What kinda forest is this?
[MARINE D]
It's haunted!
[MARINE C] Least we still
got our underwear!
[KABU] That'll teach you
Big People to cross us!
[DWARVES]
Yeah!
[USOPP, ROBIN gasp]
Now, Mil Fleurs!
Campo de Flores!
[DWARVES gasp]
I caught one!
[gasps]
Caught one what?
It's a... person!
[USOPP]
What?
[KABU yelps]
Help me!
[YOUNG MALE DWARF A]
Kabu!
[DWARVES]
Oh no!
[KABU]
She got me!
[ROBIN]
I knew it.
Let me go!
[ZORO pants]
[WICKA]
Turn Right...! I said right!
Why did you turn left?
[ZORO] Put a sock in it, tiny!
I can't concentrate!
Okay...
Mom, who's he talking to?
No one. Don't look at him.
Come on, I'm in a hurry, here!
[WICKA]
Not as much as I am!
If I get there late,
it's all your fault!
Now, take me to the
Flower Field already!
[ZORO]
I'm going, just shut up!
[ZORO] I'll be taking
my sword back, thank you.
[ZORO gasps]
[yells]
[gasps]
[WICKA]
Uh-oh!
[ZORO grunts]
[ZORO coughs]
[WICKA] Owie, ow ow.
Dang it! I really messed up!
That human's gonna see me!
[coughs]
[WICKA]
Run you dummy! Come on, hurry!
[gasps]
[WICKA gasps]
[grunts]
[WICKA whimpers]
Heh. I beg your pardon, sir.
What're you, tell me!
[WICKA whines]
Oh, no! I'm so stupid!
I'm stupid and dumb and stupid!
I knew I would screw
this up somehow!
You must be one of those
fairy things, huh?
That or a toy?
I'm not a toy at all!
I'm Wicka and I'm from
the Tontatta tribe!
Now, please promise you won't
tell anyone you saw me!
[ZORO]
Uh...
I beg you!
Whoa, shorty, none of this
is making any sense.
Ah! The longer I stay here, the
worse everything's gonna get!
Look, it's not like I was
gonna eat you or something.
Start from the top.
I... I can't tell you!
[ZORO gasps]
I'm sorry, but I can't tell
you Big People anything!
I must leave, bye!
[WICKA yells]
[ZORO]
What now?!
[WICKA]
I can't walk!
I think I must've twisted
my ankle back there.
I'm so dumb!
Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb,
dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb!
[ZORO gasps]
Wow, uh. You're strong.
Look what you're doing!
[WICKA]
Please, sir!
I need you to take me
to see my commander
as quickly as possible, okay?
I mean, this whole
thing's kinda your fault
when you get right down to it.
You stole my sword!
What was I supposed to do?
Stole it? Of course not!
It's my people's job to protect
the greenery of this land!
The Big People call us fairies
and give us gifts in return
for the hard work we do!
I took the sword as a present!
Present? No way!
You're just a thief!
[whines]
Bad choice of words, I guess.
Look, I gotta go!
I'm s'posed to be scouting!
My orders are to report to my
commander on the whereabouts
of the Don Quixote Family!
[ZORO]
Hm?
Please, we're running
out of time!
I saw them, honest!
I know for a fact they're
on their way to attack
the Straw Hats' ship right now,
so we gotta hurry!
[ZORO]
What?
Look, I gotta go!
I was supposed to
be out scouting!
My orders are to report
back to my commander
on the Don Quixote Family's
whereabouts, and quick!
Please, we're running
out of time!
I saw them, honest!
I know for a fact they're
on their way to attack
the Straw Hats' ship right now,
so we gotta hurry!
[ZORO]
What?
[gasps]
Oh, dummy! You just told
this guy everything
you weren't supposed to say!
Hey! You're not pulling
my leg, right?
I'm one of the Straw Hats.
I really need to know!
[WICKA]
Ah! Dumb, dumb, dumb!
I'm so dumb! Stupid and dumb!
And stupid!
Whoa, easy! You're wrecking
the whole town!
Calm down. Once more.
This is important.
Is the Don Quixote Family
seriously getting ready
to attack the Sunny or not?
I can't tell you that!
But they're not not
going to do it!
Aww. I did it again, huh?
[ZORO grunts]
I don't have a
Transponder Snail,
so there's no way for me
to warn them about it.
Those four, huh?
That's not a strong team.
[ZORO]
All right. I'm off to the Sunny!
[WICKA]
W-Wait! Don't leave me here!
I need you to take me
back to the Flower Field!
If you do, I promise I'll show
you the way back to the sea!
[ZORO] Forget about it,
I can find my own way back!
[gasps] You can? Then why are
you going the wrong way?
[shouts]
[WICKA]
I knew it! You're lost!
You'll never get there!
[gasps]
[ZORO grunts] So. If those
guys knew where to find us,
they must have been
following our movements
for a while now, is that right?
Uh-huh!
But we've been keeping a
pretty close eye on them, too!
[ZORO] You mean you fairies
have a beef with Doflamingo?
That's right! Ah! Just forget
I told you that, okay?
Dammit. It's not just the ship.
The whole crew's in danger.
This is bad.
Hey, how far is
this Flower Field?
[WICKA]
Go up those stairs there!
I said go up the stairs!
[ZORO gasps]
[WICKA]
Wow, and I thought I was stupid.
[ZORO]
Shut up!
[CROWD cheers]
[CHIN JAO laughs]
Where's that coward hiding?
I'll find him.
[COMPETITOR A]
Hey, Don Chin Jao's here!
[COMPETITOR B]
I don't believe this!
How long must I wait?
Start the accursed
tournament already!
[COMPETITOR A gasps]
[COMPETITOR B]
Dude, let's get outta here!
Listen well, Garp's grandson.
That gong is the last
sound you're going to hear
before you die!
[COMPETITOR B]
Run away, hurry!
Get ready!
[COMPETITORS gasp]
[grunts]
You need to calm down!
Fight before the match again and
they'll kick you out for sure!
Don't forget why
we're here, grandpa.
Come on. Let's go.
[grunts]
I suppose you're right.
[COMPETITOR B]
Whew, that was close.
Whoa, that guy.
He's gonna be trouble.
[PIRATE A shouts]
[SANJI groans]
[VIOLET chuckles]
[VIOLET] I've read your every
thought since the moment
we met, Black Leg Sanji.
No one can hide from
my all-seeing eyes.
[SANJI pants]
[PIRATES laughs]
[VIOLET] I'd heard you had
a soft spot for women,
but I didn't expect it to
be that soft! How pathetic.
[SANJI grunts]
[VIOLET] You look
like a mess, by the way.
Some prince charming,
covered in his own blood.
[VIOLET]
I almost pity you.
[VIOLET] You're nothing but
a failure, Black Leg Sanji.
Be reasonable.
How would a worm like you win
the heart of a woman like me?
Ha! You're such a joke.
[PIRATES laugh]
Yeah, you should've known
our Sis was way too pretty
to waste her time
with you, dumbass!
How did you not
know it was a trap?
Violet. Tell me it's not true.
You wouldn't do this!
[gasps]
[PIRATE A]
Dude, get over it already!
She played you for a sap,
that's all there is to it!
[grunts]
They're lying.
Deep down, you have
a beautiful, good heart.
I can tell.
[VIOLET gasps]
How could you say such
a thing? After all this?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE B]
On your feet!
[SANJI grunts, pants]
Someone must have
put you up to this.
You don't... even want to be
a part of it. Do you, Violet?
You still think this is
some kind of love story?
Gimme a break!
Idiot.
[PIRATES laugh]
[PIRATE B]
Damn! That was pretty cold!
[PIRATE C]
She kicked the crap out of him!
You're only pretending
to care about me,
when really you're looking
for a chance to escape.
[SANJI grunts]
[VIOLET] Do you honestly think
you can fool me with your lies?
Ha! I ate the Glare-Glare fruit.
Thanks to that, I've become,
well, quite observant.
I can see through anything now.
You men are all liars.
[VIOLET]
Let me see inside your mind.
Not that anything in it
will be worth a damn.
[SANJI grunts]
Why did Straw Hat
join up with Law?
What do they hope to do?
What brings you to Dressrosa,
besides the Caesar
tradeoff in Green Bit?
Answer my questions,
and don't you dare lie.
You don't have to speak.
If you won't tell me,
I'll just look inside your mind.
We'll locate all your
crewmates as well.
Hey, she's doin' the pose!
She's about to use her power!
Now! Peeping Mind!
[VIOLET gasps]
[VIOLET yells]
Wh-What's the matter?
Sis, what did you see?
Yeah, what's wrong?
[gasps]
So dirty!
[PIRATES]
Dirty?
[VIOLET gasps]
His mind is totally pink!
I've never seen
anything like it!
[PIRATES]
Huh?
[VIOLET]
What are you up to really?
What's your purpose here?
What could you possibly
be thinking about
at a time like this?
I can't begin to fathom.
[SANJI grunts]
I'm thinking of you.
[VIOLET]
Huh?
[grunts]
About the way you looked at me.
There is a man there
I need you to kill for me.
I knew that...
you weren't lying!
[SANJI grunts]
No matter what you say.
No matter what anyone says,
I believe in you.
For me a girl's tears
are always enough proof!
[gasps]
[NARRATOR] Sanji's relentless
passion turns his
precarious situation
upside-down.
Meanwhile, Usopp and Robin
are captured when they learn
that the fairies are
really miniature people.
Once they awake,
they're introduced to the
curious world of a lively
civilization known as
the Tontatta Tribe.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Unknown World!
The Tontatta Kingdom!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!